remove gameplay architects from contributing.md (#3322)
cmss13-devs/cmss13: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Certain PRs, such as those which directly change number values (i.e. health, recoil, damage) or add large pieces of content to the game (i.e. a new gun, a new dropship weapon, or a new xeno structure) can have the potential to highly impact game balance or gameflow. As such, they are subject to another level of review known as "balance review".

* There is a 7 day waiting period after a PR that impacts balance is opened, during which only the Project Manager or Head Maintainer may close, approve or apply the "Do Not Merge" label over balance review. 

> * After the PR has been open for 7 days, if no balance review has occured, any normal maintainer may balance review it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* After the PR has been open for 7 days, if no balance review has occurred, any normal maintainer may balance review it.
```

* In the process of balance review, changes may be requested as normal, the PR may be approved, or the PR may be denied.

* It should go without saying that denied PRs may not be reopened or remade without changes and prior approval.

> * We understand that having something you have worked on for quite some time being denied can be frustrating. Therefore, it is recommmended that you check with a maintainer before beginning coding your PR if you have any doubts that your PR will be accepted. This will save everyone's time and energy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We understand that having something you have worked on for quite some time being denied can be frustrating. Therefore, it is recommmended that you check with a maintainer before beginning to code your PR if you have any doubts that it will be accepted. This will save everyone's time and energy.
```
